c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.pdb
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Schema.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Server.Administration.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Server.Communications.Internal.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Server.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Server.Library.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Server.PWA.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.ServerRuntime.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.BusinessData.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.CommandUI.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Extensions.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Taxonomy.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Applications.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.SecureStoreService.Server.Security.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.ResourceStorage.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.Common.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AnalysisServices.AdomdClient.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Excel.Server.WebServices.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Policy.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Excel.Server.Udf.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.BusinessData.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Policy.xml
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\obj\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.dll
c:\users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\obj\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.pdb
C:\Users\nishant\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\obj\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.pdb
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Schema.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Server.Administration.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Server.Communications.Internal.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Server.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Server.Library.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Project.Server.PWA.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.ServerRuntime.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.BusinessData.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.CommandUI.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Administration.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Extensions.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Taxonomy.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Applications.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.UserProfiles.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.SecureStoreService.Server.Security.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.ResourceStorage.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.mshtml.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.Extended.Administration.Common.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Search.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AnalysisServices.AdomdClient.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Excel.Server.WebServices.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Policy.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Excel.Server.Udf.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Publishing.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Taxonomy.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Security.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.UserProfiles.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.BusinessData.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Search.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Client.Runtime.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SharePoint.Portal.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Server.Search.Connector.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.DocumentManagement.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Policy.xml
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\obj\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\obj\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\obj\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\obj\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.dll
C:\code\PwaPSiWrapper2\PwaPSiWrapper2\obj\Debug\PwaPSiWrapper2.pdb
